README.md, before:

<h4 align="right"><strong>English</strong> | <a href="README_CN.md">简体中文</a></h4>

# PowerToys4Browser

PowerToys4Browser is a collection of userscripts that provide additional functionality for web browsers.

## Installation

To use PowerToys4Browser, you need to install a userscript manager like [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/). After installing the userscript manager, click on the link to the userscript you want to install and follow the instructions.

## Scripts

PowerToys4Browser includes the following userscripts:

- Twitter Thread Reader: a userscript that allows users to read Twitter threads in one single page. For more information, please refer to [doc/twitter-thread-reader.md](doc/twitter-thread-reader.md).

We are continuously working on adding new userscripts to PowerToys4Browser.

## Contribution

If you find any issues or have any suggestions for PowerToys4Browser, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/whywhathow/powertoys4browser).

## License

PowerToys4Browser is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/whywhathow/powertoys4browser/blob/main/LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: add some information about `quick search` script in quick-search.md , README.md and README_CN.md.

README.md, after:

<h4 align="right"><strong>English</strong> | <a href="README_CN.md">简体中文</a></h4>

# PowerToys4Browser

PowerToys4Browser is a collection of userscripts that provide additional functionality for web browsers.

## Installation

To use PowerToys4Browser, you need to install a userscript manager like [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/). After installing the userscript manager, click on the link to the userscript you want to install and follow the instructions.

## Scripts

PowerToys4Browser includes the following userscripts:
### Twitter Thread Reader:
a userscript that allows users to read Twitter threads in one single page. For more information, please refer to [doc/twitter-thread-reader.md](doc/twitter-thread-reader.md).

### Quick Search: 
The Quick Search userscript allows you to search various websites quickly and easily by just typing a command followed by a search keyword. The supported websites include Google, Google Images, Google Scholar, DuckDuckGo, Twitter, GitHub, YouTube, Wikipedia, WolframAlpha, and Reddit.

For example, to search for "cats" on Google, simply type g,then input `g cats`  and hit enter. The userscript will take you to the Google search results page for "cats".

[More information](doc/quick-search.md)

---
We are continuously working on adding new userscripts to PowerToys4Browser.

## Contribution

If you find any issues or have any suggestions for PowerToys4Browser, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/whywhathow/powertoys4browser).

## License

PowerToys4Browser is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/whywhathow/powertoys4browser/blob/main/LICENSE).
